( laughter )
Dabo!
Quark!
Oh... not now, Odo.
We have to talk.
It'll have to wait.
It can't wait.
Of course not.
Make it fast.
I have business
to attend to.
You remember
that Subytt freighter
we were discussing
the other day--
the one you claimed
was smuggling
defective isolinear rods
to Bajor?
Yes, yes.
What about it?
Well, I conducted
a little investigation
of that freighter,
and do you know
what I discovered?
That I was telling
the truth.
That's right.
I arrested the First Officer
and two of the crew.
Congratulations,
Constable.
I knew you
could do it.
Now, if you don't mind,
I am needed upstairs.
Hold on.
I'm not finished
with you.
Oh, really, Odo?
Sometimes I think
there's no pleasing you.
I help you crack a
notorious smuggling ring,
and yet you still insist on
treating me like the enemy?
You are the enemy.
Then how do you explain
my helping you?
That's just it.
I can't explain it.
It's simple, really.
I figured we've been at each
others' throats long enough.
It's time we called a truce.
Truce?
You must be joking.
Ask the Subytt
First Officer
if I'm joking.
From now on, you and I
are going to be friends.
You're up to something.
Why would you say that?
Because you're always
up to something.
I can see this is
going to take time
but eventually you'll
learn to trust me.
Hmm, hmm.
That'll be the day.
I don't think
I can remember
Odo ever looking
so... perplexed.
He's not alone.
Those Subytt smugglers
were a potential source
of great profit.
Must I quote you
the 76th Rule of Acquisition?
The 76th...
"Every once in a while,
declare peace.
It confuses the hell
out of your enemies."
Hi, Quark.
How are your lobes?
Tingling at the sight of you.
What'll it be, hmm?
Another black hole?
No, I don't have time.
My ship's
about to pull out.
Do you know of anyone
going to Bajor?
Ships go back and forth
from there all the time.
Why?
I promised someone I'd
deliver this for them.
Doesn't look like I'm going
to get there this trip.
It's an earring.
I know it's an earring.
It was given to me
by a maintenance worker
on Cardassia IV.
Are you saying a Cardassian
gave you a Bajoran earring?
He asked me to
take it to Bajor.
Said whoever I showed
it to would understand.
He said that?
Well, this is a Bajoran
station, isn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Well, there must be
someone here
who would know
what to do with it.
Oh, there is.
Who?
Me.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Surprise.
What do you want?
I always wondered what
your quarters looked like.
That better not be
your only reason
for being here.
You don't entertain
much, do you?
Oh, I entertain a lot--
I just don't
entertain you.
Let me guess.
The bedroom.
You take one step in here
and I promise you
it'll be your last.
It could be worth it.
You've got
five seconds
to tell me
what you want.
to offer me a beverage?
Aren't you going
Five... four...
Can we at least sit down?
Three, two, one.
Wait!
I brought you something.
Where did you get that?
Is it valuable?
I said
where did you get it?
From a Boslic
Freighter Captain.
She got it
from a Cardassian.
Where?
On Cardassia IV.
That's what she
told me, anyway.
Consider it a gift!
Hey, Dad, wait up.
You got a minute?
For you, absolutely.
I've got
some great news.
You passed your
algebra test.
Better than that.
You learned how to hit
Bob Gibson's fastball.
No, even better.
Better than hitting
Gibson's fastball?
This I want to hear.
You remember that Bajoran
girl I told you about?
The one with
the beautiful smile?
That's right-- Laira.
I decided
to ask her out.
Well, good for you.
And now you've come
to the old man
for advice on
what to say to her.
The main thing is
Dad, I al...
you can't be afraid
of rejection.
Dad, I already asked her
out, and she said yes.
She did?
That's wonderful.
I was just wondering
if you had any ideas
on what we could do.
I was thinking of taking her
to the holosuites.
The holosuites?
I don't think so.
Why not?
Because you're too young
to take a girl
to the holosuites.
Okay, then how about if I
take her to our quarters?
Oh, no, no.
No quarters.
We're just going to talk.
Talk in public.
It's not the same.
You want to talk?
Take her upstairs.
And that way you can talk
and watch the ships
go through the wormhole.
That's boring.
Since when?
Since I started
going out with girls.
This is your first date.
And I don't want it
to be my last.
I need to speak with you.
Commander,
One moment, Major.
I can see
you're not ready
to have this
conversation yet.
I'm not ready?
I'll just have to come up
with a few ideas on my own.
Really,
don't worry about it.
Who's worried?
Commander?
Join me, Major.
with a jacarine peel.
One raktajino
Nothing for me.
SISKO:
One icoberry torte.
So... Major...
what can I do for you?
I need to borrow
a runabout.
For what?
You really don't want
to ask me that.
It's too late.
I already asked.
You don't want
to know the answer.
Major, I can't loan you
a Starfleet runabout
without knowing
where you plan on taking it.
To Cardassia IV to rescue
a Bajoran prisoner of war.
( whistles )
You're right.
I wish you hadn't told me.
This earring was recently
smuggled off the planet.
Do you see this?
That is the insignia
of Li Nalas.
The greatest we ever had.
The resistance leader?
His victory over Gul Zarale
in hand-to-hand combat...
Major, I have already
heard the story.
Wasn't he reported
killed in action?
His body was never found.
I wouldn't be asking you this
Look, Commander,
any other way to rescue Li.
if I thought there was
But Bajoran ships just don't
have the maneuverability
or the defensive capabilities
to get me safely in and out
of Cardassian territory.
You're sure this is genuine?
Dax found dermal residue
on the backing.
A genetic analysis matched
it to Li's DNA records.
It's genuine all right.
Have you told
the provisional government?
I contacted
three ministers.
Their response was
exactly what I expected.
they're unwilling
In other words,
with Cardassia over an earring.
to risk going to war
I can't say I blame them.
Commander, you and I both know
the provisional government
of political opportunists
is made up
fighting amongst themselves
too busy
to care what happens to Bajor.
Since the loss
of the Kai,
the situation has only
gone from bad to worse.
of factional fighting
There are reports
in half a dozen districts.
throughout the southern islands.
Religious riots have spread
Bajor needs a leader--
someone the people
will listen to,
someone they can trust.
And you think that Li Nalas
is that leader?
I know he is.
( radio beeps )
O'Brien to Sisko.
Go ahead, Chief.
I think you and Odo had better
join me in the Habitat Ring,
level 13, section 4.
There's something
you should see.
We'll be right there.
Do I get
the runabout?
I'll have to think it over.
I was on my way
to Crossover Bridge 3
to do some repair work
on the field modulators
when I noticed this.
( Sisko sighs )
SISKO:
This is the emblem
of the Alliance
for Global Unity.
They call themselves
the Circle.
O'BRIEN:
The Circle, huh?
What gives them the right
to mess up our station?
They're an extremist faction
who believe in Bajor
for the Bajorans.
All other species
are inferior
and should be expelled
from the planet.
I understand this emblem
has appeared all over Bajor.
That's correct
but this is the first
time I've seen it here.
I want to be
informed immediately
if this emblem appears
anyplace else on the station.
Understood.
If they think scrawling
a few signs
is going to get rid of us,
they've got another
think coming.
Right now, they're just
trying to show us
that we're vulnerable.
I wouldn't be overly
concerned, Commander.
This section is a
low-security area.
As of now, Constable
there are no low-security areas
on this station.
( door opens )
You wanted to see
me, Benjamin?
Ah, yes.
Have a seat.
Am I to assume this is
going to be about baseball?
Not this time.
Good.
I thought you enjoyed
talking about baseball.
Curzon enjoyed it,
but not half as much
as he led you to believe.
So what's on your mind,
Benjamin?
about our mission here.
I've been thinking
I look at the turmoil on Bajor
we fought for this past year
and I see everything
starting to unravel.
I told you this was going
to be a tough assignment
when we came here.
it was going to be this tough.
Of course, I didn't realize
that I knew someone
What if I told you
who could bring stability
to Bajor?
Someone who could
unite the factions
and give us a chance
to do our job?
I'd say give Kira the runabout.
about Kira wanting a runabout?
How do you know
I promise not to tell.
All right.
and she does rescue Li Nalas.
Supposing I do help
to the Cardassians?
What do we say
The question is
what do they say to us?
They swore
they released
all their
Bajoran prisoners.
Chief...
Major Kira
needs a runabout.
Oh, so she's going
to Cardassia IV after all.
Is there anyone on this station
she didn't tell?
she mentioned it to Quark.
I doubt
as far as Quark's concerned
Well, then,
she's going to Lamenda Prime
to bring back
mineral samples.
I see.
Now, is there any
way we can prevent
the Cardassian sensors
the runabout's signature?
from picking up
the engine's power emissions,
I could modulate
the deflector shield grid
reconfigure
and install field buffers
around the subspace
emitter coil.
the Cardassians will think
By the time I'm done,
a Lissepian transport.
they're picking up
Yeah?
I see you've
already given this
a bit of thought.
I suppose I have.
( door chimes )
Come in.
Commander... Chief.
I was just
getting ready to leave.
I just stopped by
to wish you luck.
And...
that Chief O'Brien
to tell you
will be accompanying you
on your mission.
that's a good idea.
I don't think
Having a Federation officer
along
could cause complications
for you later.
I'm willing to risk that.
You're an excellent
pilot, Major
but Mr. O'Brien here
is better.
And I want to make sure
that I get my runabout
back in one piece.
but this is a Bajoran problem.
I appreciate the offer,
I don't agree.
The truth is, I need
Li Nalas back on Bajor
as much as you do.
O'BRIEN:
Besides
I've seen how the Cardassians
treat their prisoners.
to suffer like that.
No one should have
If the Cardassians
get their hands on us
we'll be the ones
suffering.
They'll have to catch us first.
I suppose I could
use the company.
You've got
the controls, Chief.
Right.
Before we go
there's, uh, one thing we need
to clear up between us.
What's that?
This mission can end
only one of two ways--
either we bring back Li Nalas,
or we don't come back at all.
Understood.
Then take us out of here,
Mr. O'Brien.
Initializing launch sequence.
How much longer
till we reach Cardassia IV?
I estimate
another 30 minutes.
Hold on.
We're being scanned.
Can you get a fix
on the source?
Its position is holding steady
at bearing 219 mark 23.
a navigational control post.
It must be
just a routine scan.
It's probably
( beeping )
We're being hailed.
we could be in serious trouble.
Then again,
They're repeating the hail.
We're on the edge
of their scanner range.
That puts us out
of visual contact.
I say we try
and bluff them.
Opening a channel.
This is Cardassian Navigational
Control Post 24.
CARDASSIAN:
Identify yourself.
This is the Lissepian
Transport Martuk.
According to our scan,
your subspace field emitters
appear to be malfunctioning.
distorting our power signature.
The field buffers must be
Uh, we're... having problems
with our phase modulators.
to correct the problem.
We're attempting
Do you require assistance?
We can dispatch a repair ship.
They want to help us?
Your offer is most appreciated,
Post 24, but unnecessary.
Are you certain?
is still fluctuating.
Your power signature
He's getting suspicious.
I believe we can correct
the problem on our own.
Besides, Gul Marayn is waiting
on Cardassia IV
to receive my shipment
of rulot seeds.
Any delay could ruin
the entire crop,
not to mention the Gul's mood.
Understood.
after you deliver your cargo.
You can put in for repairs
My plan, exactly.
He's cut off their transmission.
( sighing )
Tell me, Major...
who is
this Gul Marayn?
Don't ask me.
I just made him up.
We're in synchronous orbit
above the Hutet labor camp.
I've limited the bio-scans
to detect only
Bajoran life-forms.
( beeping )
Hold on.
We're getting
multiple readings.
Bajoran prisoners down there.
There must be about a dozen
What?!
Is there any way of beaming up
more than two at a time?
I'm afraid not.
As soon as we beam
the first two up,
to break loose in that camp.
all hell is going
There's no way of guaranteeing
that Li will be
one of the first two.
What's security like down there?
The compound is surrounded
Cardassian forcefield.
by a standard
We're going to have to land.
It's our only chance of getting
them all out of there.
I'll find us a secluded
place to put down.
( distant voices )
Back to work!
( indistinct commands )
( distantly ):
Do as I say!
How do I look?
I doubt there's
a Cardassian alive
who could resist you.
I hope you're right.
So do I.
No talking!
Halt!
We want to see the Prefect.
What for?
She has an appointment
with him.
I used to be stationed on Bajor.
Then you know
why the Prefect
doesn't want
to be kept waiting, huh?
What's this all about?
I'm not quite sure.
What would it cost me
for an appointment?
More than you
could afford.
Two strips
of gold-pressed latinum--
she's all yours.
He wouldn't know
what to do with me.
She needs disciplining.
From a boy like you? Ha!
I don't think
you're capable of it.
Step back.
what I'm paying for.
I want to examine
Sure, sure
but no sampling
the merchandise
until the sale's
complete, okay?
Come here.
Now...
show me why
you're worth two strips
of gold-pressed latinum.
All right.
( grunts )
( yells )
Li Nalas!
Who are you?
Major Kira Nerys.
We've come to get you
out of here.
The earring--
you got it.
KIRA:
Yes.
I don't understand.
My earring was lost.
No, I had it smuggled
back to Bajor.
this discussion for later, okay?
Gentlemen, I suggest you keep
KIRA:
Come on.
Oh!
( yells )
Come on, we have
a ship waiting.
behind those rocks.
Let's get him
CARDASSIAN:
I see them!
Keep down.
We'll never make it
at this rate.
Get Li back to Bajor.
Four of us will stay behind
and hold them off
till you reach
your ship.
No, I won't allow it.
Don't you see?
We did this for you!
Just get him
back safely.
That's all that counts.
You have my word.
All right, go.
Come on.
Go!
Come on!
Ready to launch, Major.
Not yet, some of the others
might still make it.
Standing by.
I'm picking up two Galor-class
warships entering orbit.
They should be overhead
in one minute, 45 seconds.
Major, you can't leave
those men behind.
O'BRIEN:
One minute,
30 seconds.
If we don't leave now, Major,
we never will.
Take us home, Chief.
Yes, sir.
( ship powering up )
Careful, he took
a phaser hit.
Easy now, I have you.
Doctor, these people have been
prisoners for ten years.
They need medical attention.
They'll get it,
but first, I better take
a look at this wound.
Go ahead, Doctor.
Bashir to Dax.
We've got a patient
who needs
emergency treatment.
Beam us to
the Infirmary.
Stand by.
Commander, I need to talk...
SISKO:
Ah, Major, I'm glad
you could join us.
I didn't know you were busy.
I'm sorry.
Apparently not.
I'll just wait outside.
Hold on, Major.
I want you to hear.
There's something
Go ahead, Dukat.
Major, I have just informed
Commander Sisko
that the Cardassian High
Command has issued
a formal apology
to the people of Bajor.
An apology?
that Bajoran prisoners
We had no idea
were still being held
on Cardassia IV.
are a direct violation
Such detentions
of Supreme Directive 2645.
And I assure you
will be chastised accordingly.
the camp Prefect
What about the prisoners
that were left behind?
They are already en route
to Bajor.
to their safe return.
Well, I look forward
I'm sure you do.
that our quick response
And I hope
to this unfortunate situation
will prove once and for all
is no longer your enemy.
that Cardassia
Commander?
I'm as surprised as you are.
There's got to be a reason
why they're being
so accommodating.
I'm sure there is
but until we can figure out
their motives,
let us just be grateful
that all the prisoners
are being returned safely.
Congratulations on the success
of your mission, Major.
There, that
should do it.
How do you feel?
( sighing )
Better.
Good.
Luckily, your wound
wasn't as serious
as it looked.
You've probably
had a lot worse.
Well, actually,
this one was bad enough.
You know, I've read
all about your battle
with Gul Zarale.
That was a long time ago.
Well, I consider myself
a bit of a history buff,
and I must say
some of the campaigns
you led against
the Cardassians
were truly remarkable...
Doctor, I think
that you'll find
that others enjoy talking
about those days
far more than I do.
Of course.
I understand
completely.
Amazing.
What is?
Being here.
I used to work
in one of this station's
ore-processing plants.
I think you will find
that things have changed
considerably.
Commander, a transport
carrying Minister Jaro
has just arrived from Bajor.
Major
I think you should
have the honor
of welcoming him aboard.
Thank you, Commander.
If you're hungry
the Replimat has some
passable Bajoran food.
LI:
Actually,
I'm a bit tired.
I think I'd like
to see my quarters.
Of course.
( whispering ):
That's Li Nalas.
It appears you've
been recognized.
Minister Jaro.
Major.
Where is he?
He's on the Promenade
with Commander Sisko.
And he's all right?
Considering what
he's been through
in the past ten years.
Li Nalas alive--
who would have
ever imagined?
The Prophets were kind
to you today, Major.
I'd, uh, say they were
kind to all of us.
You know,
your little adventure
made you some enemies
in the Chamber of Ministers.
I'm not surprised.
All I did was
risk my life.
What you did
today, Major,
was declare war
on Cardassia.
Thankfully, they declined
the invitation.
I'd do it again if it meant
bringing Li Nalas home.
Yes, I'm sure you would.
Although, officially,
I have to warn you
that the next time
you disobey orders
will mean the end
of your military career.
As a private citizen...
I want to thank you
for what you've done this day.
That's good to hear.
Now take me
to see Li Nalas.
ODO:
Move it back, please.
No pushing, no pushing.
I'm sorry about this, Commander.
I don't think they're
going to leave
until you say
a few words.
I agree.
If that's what it takes.
It's good to be free.
It's good to know that...
after all our years
of struggle...
...Bajor is finally free.
Yes, it is good to be free.
JARO:
Well...
it really is you, isn't it?
Li Nalas.
I'm Minister Jaro Essa,
and I can't tell you
how delighted I am
to welcome you home.
Believe me, it is
a pleasure to be here.
Would you mind if I
address the crowd?
You can't expect
a politician
to give up an opportunity
like this.
You go right ahead.
Thank you.
only one thing to say to you--
Fellow Bajorans, I have
to ask you, really.
Never forget this moment,
because I promise you
that one day, your children
and your grandchildren
will ask you what it was like
returned to Bajor.
the day Li Nalas
( buzz of agreement )
I hope you'll find these
quarters satisfactory.
Commander...
I just spent ten years
in a Cardassian labor camp.
I'm just grateful...
for a moment's privacy.
Enjoy it
while you can.
Judging from the crowd
on the Promenade,
a moment may be
all you get.
I thought they would have
forgotten me by now.
It appears
you were wrong.
This morning, I was a slave.
Tonight, I am a hero.
It must seem
a little overwhelming.
I tell you what is
overwhelming, Commander.
It's knowing that something
I have waited for my whole life
has finally happened.
The Cardassians are gone.
We won.
You've been there recently.
What's it like,
a free Bajor?
I think you'll be pleased,
for the most part.
For the most part?
Bajor lacks
strong leadership.
So that's what
Major Kira meant.
On the runabout, she
told me that my return
would bring
stability to Bajor.
She's right.
Bajor could use your help,
and frankly, so could I.
But before you go
off saving Bajor,
I suppose you could use
a good night's sleep.
It sounds like
I'm going to need it.
( sighs )
One for you...
QUARK:
and six for me.
One for you and...
six for me.
One for you...
and six for me.
Would you stop
looking so glum?
Payday is supposed
to be a time of... joy.
I know, brother
but, every week,
it's the same thing.
Six for you
and only one for me.
It's not fair!
You're right.
I am?
Yes. It's not fair.
It's not?
Absolutely not.
One for you...
and...
...seven
for me.
One for you, and...
seven for me.
Is that better?
And where
are you going?
of an equal share of profits.
To bed, to dream
Dream on.
( door opens and closes )
One for you...
and seven for me.
( door opens )
What is it now?
( grunting )
( muffled yelling )
BASHIR:
Quark... Quark!
Hold still.
Doctor...
will there be a scar?
I said, hold still.
Does that mean yes?
No, this dermal
regenerator
should repair any
damaged tissue
as well as prevent
scarring.
Unless, of course,
you don't hold still.
Did you recognize any
of your assailants?
They were wearing masks.
Are you sure they didn't
say anything?
Not a word.
branded me, and left.
They came in,
The Promenade is usually
deserted at this hour.
No one saw them
enter or leave.
Constable, I want
all security personnel
put on full alert.
I've already seen to it.
Who was responsible
for this?
An extremist group
from Bajor
who call themselves
the Circle.
Bajorans did this?
I'm afraid so.
But why?
Their goal is to rid Bajor
of all non-Bajorans.
Hasn't the provisional
government
tried to stop them?
Oh, they've tried,
but the truth is
the Circle is more organized
than the government.
Well, the government
better get organized
because I intend to sue them
for financial compensation.
Not now, Quark!
People have grown impatient
with the government's inability
to get things done
so they turn
to the Circle.
Constable.
We need someone
to speak out
against these
reactionaries--
someone the people
will listen to.
BASHIR:
There.
That should do it.
( sighing )
How do I look?
As... handsome as ever.
Really?
Huh.
( yawning )
Jake, what are
you doing up?
I couldn't sleep.
How was your date?
It was tonight,
wasn't it?
It was supposed to be.
She couldn't make it.
It happens.
She said her father
wouldn't let her
go out with me.
Why not?
Because I'm not a Bajoran.
( sighs )
That's not much of a reason.
Oh, Jake.
There are some things
happening on Bajor.
Troubling things.
I'm sorry you've become
a victim of them.
You don't deserve it.
Nobody does.
Time for bed, okay?
Okay.
( yawns )
Night, Dad.
Commander, there's
COM OFFICER:
a call for you
from the Tygarian freighter
docked on Upper Pylon 2.
Put it through.
Commander Sisko,
I am Romah Doek,
Executive Officer of the Nanut.
this station for Gamma Quadrant
We were preparing to depart
when we discovered
a Bajoran citizen
trying to stow away
on our ship.
I was hoping you would know
what to do with him.
The Nanut isn't scheduled
to return from the Gamma
Quadrant for two years.
Actually, I planned
on staying
considerably longer.
I don't follow.
( sighs )
Commander, I'm going
to tell you a story...
and you may
even believe it.
I'm listening.
During the occupation,
I was a member of a
minor resistance cell.
Name's unimportant.
One day-- this was
in the mountains
surrounding the
Sahving Valley--
we were ambushed
by Cardassian troops.
Only three of us
managed to escape.
We hid in the hills
for two days.
Finally, the lack
of food and water
forced us down
into the valley.
We made our way to a ridge
overlooking a small lake.
still carrying a phaser
As I was the only one
to scout for the enemy.
I went on ahead
Halfway down the embankment,
I slipped...
down to the edge of the lake
went sprawling on my back
just as a huge Cardassian
emerged from the water.
just finished bathing.
He must have
He stood there...
frozen in surprise
dressed only
in his underwear,
shivering in the cold.
I lay there, looking up at him,
too stunned to even move.
And it was only when he reached
for a phaser rifle
his clothes on a nearby rock
that was lying across
still holding my own phaser,
that I realized that I was
and I shot him.
His body fell on top of me.
And that's how my companions
found us a moment later.
One of them recognized him
as, uh, Gul Zarale,
responsible for the massacre
of half a dozen
Bajoran villages.
Now, I tried to tell
them what had happened,
but they had already
convinced themselves
that I had killed Zarale in
some kind of a savage struggle,
which is what they insisted
on telling every
Bajoran that we met.
And no matter how hard
I tried to deny it,
the story continued to spread
all of Bajor had heard it.
until it seemed
won by the resistance
Soon every victory
was attributed to my leadership.
Stories of my brilliance,
my daring, my courage
grew more and more unbelievable
insisted on believing them.
yet the people
My reputation even followed me
into the labor camp
where my mere presence seemed
to inspire my fellow prisoners.
And I had done nothing
but shoot an unarmed Cardassian
in his underwear.
I'll never forget the look
on his face when he died.
He was so... embarrassed.
So you see, Commander
I have done
what Bajor needed me to do.
I have allowed myself
to be a slave to my reputation
all of these years.
And now...
it is enough.
They still need you.
But I am not the man
that they think I am.
Perhaps not.
But Bajor
doesn't need a man.
It needs a symbol,
and that's
what you are.
No one's asking you
to lead troops into battle
or to kill
a hundred Cardassians
with your bare hands.
I saw you...
in front of the crowd
on the Promenade.
They look at you
and they see strength
and honor and decency.
They look at you and see
the best in themselves.
But it's all based on a lie.
No. It's based
on a legend.
And legends
are as powerful
as any truth.
Bajor still needs
that legend.
It needs you.
DAX:
The Yelikan transport
is ready for departure.
Opening mooring clamps
on Docking Bay Six.
Major.
Commander.
Minister Jaro.
Li.
Navarch Li--
as of yesterday's
unanimous assembly vote.
Congratulations.
Navarch...
been one before.
there's never
They felt any existing title
was inadequate,
a new one for me.
so they created
I hear that thousands
of people showed up
to greet your ship
when it arrived on Bajor.
quite a celebration.
Yes, it was
have stayed longer.
I wish I could
SISKO:
Why? What stopped you?
JARO:
The Navarch needed to return
here to assume his new post.
Liaison Officer to Deep Space 9.
He's been made the Bajoran
a liaison officer.
I already have
JARO:
Not anymore,
you don't.
Major Kira is no longer
assigned to this post.
She's been recalled to Bajor.